Bug DatapointsAPI.retrieve_dataframe_in_tz all empty (#1205)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [6.0.1] - 20-04-23
### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug that would cause `DatapointsAPI.retrieve_dataframe_in_tz` to raise an `IndexError` if there are empty time series in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that would cause `DatapointsAPI.retrieve_dataframe_in_tz` to raise an `IndexError` if there were only empty time series in the response.
```
